# Why this book? #

In May of 2009 my cofounder Mike and I left the comfortable confines
of our University's ivory tower to start a technology company. To the
dismay of our very traditional parents, we dropped out of our
respective Computer Science programs, packed our bags, and moved to
sunny California, excited to turn our dreams into reality.

We did all we could to learn how to start a company -- we read far and
wide, got advisors, had coffee with countless successful entrepreneurs
and investors, talked to hundreds of potential customers. We then
proceeded to make every mistake in the book. We picked an idea that
had no chance of success, hired the wrong people, took too long to
deliver on our promises, and expended no effort on getting customers
excited. A competent outside observer might have concluded that we
were actively trying to subotage our own company. I'm certain that
many outside observers concluded exactly that.

Throughout this process many well meaning voices rightly pointed out
our blunders and oversights, and gently prodded us in a thousand
different directions. Some of the nudges helped. Most confused us even
further. Unlike the many notable strategists and tactitians in human
history, we had neither the intuition nor natural aptitude for making
good decisions under the uncertainty of forging a new path. We learned
on the job, and had to get burnt by the consequences of our naivet√©
again, and again, and again, until the models that guide our thought
processes and behavior finally began to correspond with reality.

With all our mistakes, it's a miracle our company survived this
long. The jury is still out on whether we got good enough to induce
revolutionary change, but it would be criminal to wait to document a
certain clarity of focus afforded to us by the crucible of the past
four years.

If you choose to embark on the journey of engendering technological,
social, or political change, you will walk a grueling path, face
formidable opponents, and tax your own endurance and character far
beyond the familar limits. No piece of advice or system of thought
will make this path easy, but you can arm yourself with a guide that
will illuminate the steps before you in your darkest hour.

This book is such a guide.
